Adapt Serverless Tier in Developer Guide (#11125)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-sample-application-spring-boot.md

### Step 5.1 Change parameters

> If you are using the TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier clusters, change the `spring.datasource.url`, `spring.datasource.username`, `spring.datasource.password` parameters in the `application.yml` (located in `src/main/resources`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier cluster, change the `spring.datasource.url`, `spring.datasource.username`, `spring.datasource.password` parameters in the `application.yml` (located in `src/main/resources`).
```

      ddl-auto: create-drop
```

> Suppose that the password you set is `123456`, and the connection parameters you get from TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose that the password you set is `123456`, and the connection parameters you get from the cluster details page are the following:
```
